Update android-intune.md (#9141)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/android-intune.md

        - Click **Select App**, choose **Microsoft Defender ATP**, select **OK** and then **Next**.

        :::image type="content" source="images/android-create-app.png" alt-text=" The Associated app details pane" lightbox="images/android-create-app.png":::
     
    1. Select **Permissions > Add**. From the list, select the available app permissions > **OK**.
    2. Select an option for each permission to grant with this policy:

> 
>        - **Prompt** -  Prompt the user to accept or deny.
>        - **Auto grant** - Automatically approve without notifying the user.
>        - **Auto deny** - Automatically deny without notifying the user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - **Prompt** -  Prompts the user to accept or deny.
       - **Auto grant** - Automatically approves without notifying the user.
       - **Auto deny** - Automatically denies without notifying the user. 
```
